preface:

This is not a legal document. For the exact interpretation of the license
you must read it and understand it. This page is simply meant to explain
the license in an easy to understand and informal way.

header:
THE ANNOTATED Q PUBLIC LICENSE

1:

This is to ensure that everyone follows the rules. If you do not accept
this license you are not given the right to distribute the software, to
make modifications to it nor develop anything with it.

2:

Distribute the software, e.g. Qt, to anyone you like, including your dog,
as long as you include everything in the original distribution.

3:

You can make and distribute patches. If you find a bug, fix it and
redistribute the patch.

3a:

The license applies to all software that refers to the license in its
copyright statement. You are not allowed to change the copyright statement
as that might remove the reference to the license.

3b:

This clause has been inspired by the X Consortium license. It is designed
to ensure that patches can be used by anyone without restrictions. This
makes it possible to include patches in new versions of the software. For
Troll Tech this means that we can incorporate patches into new versions of
Qt. It also means that we can include the same patches in the Qt
Professional Edition, which we intend to keep exactly equal to the Qt Free
Edition.

3c:

To avoid confusion all patches must be traceable, and you should be able
to see how old a patch is. People like to know who their software comes
from. We recommend that you include your email address, this makes
communication between developers easier.

4:

Distribute executables to anyone you like, including your bird, as long as
you tell them about their rights and include any patches. This again is to
avoid confusion and make sure that people know that they are using Open
Source software.

5:

If you have a program written for the software, go ahead and use it, we
will not charge you, and we will not try to stop you.

6:

This is a license designed for libraries, therefore we must also talk
about application programs or other libraries (components) that are
linked with the software.

In essence this clause says that you may develop programs that link with
the software, e.g. Qt, provided that you develop Open Source software.

