Trolltech Qt Beta Version License Agreement 
Agreement version 1.0

IMPORTANT READ CAREFULLY:
1. This Trolltech End-User License Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal
agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity)
("Licensee") and Trolltech Inc. for the Trolltech software product(s)
accompanying this Agreement, which include(s) computer software and
may include "online" or electronic documentation, associated media,
and printed materials, including the source code, example programs and
the documentation ("Licensed Software").

2. By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Licensed Software,
Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If
Licensee does not agree to the terms of this Agreement, Licensee may
not install, copy, or otherwise use the Licensed Software. In
addition, by installing, copying, or otherwise using any updates or
other components of the Licensed Software that Licensee receives
separately as part of the Licensed Software ("Updates"), Licensee
agrees to be bound by any additional license terms that accompany such
Updates. If Licensee does not agree to the additional license terms
that accompany such Updates, Licensee may not install, copy, or
otherwise use such Updates.

3. The Licensed Software is protected by copyright laws and
international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual
property laws and treaties. The Licensed Software is licensed, not
sold.

4. Upon Licensee's acceptance of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Trolltech grants Licensee the right to use the Licensed
Software in the manner provided below.

5. Trolltech grants to Licensee as an individual a personal,
nonexclusive, non transferable, license to make and use copies of the
Licensed Software for the sole purposes of designing, developing and
testing software programs that use the Licensed Software
("Applications") , and to evaluate the Licensed Software for the
purpose of providing feedback thereon to Trolltech.

6. Licensee may from time to time provide suggestions, comments
regarding usability, bug reports, test reports or other feedback
(collectively, "Feedback") to Trolltech with respect to the Licensed
Software. All Feedback is and shall be given entirely voluntarily.

7. Licensee agrees that Trolltech may freely use, disclose, reproduce,
license, distribute and otherwise commercialize the Feedback in any
Trolltech product, technology, service, specification or other
documentation.

8. This Licensed Software is time-limited. All rights granted to
Licensee in this Agreement will be void 30 days after Trolltech's next
beta or commercial release of a version of the Licensed Software with
the same major and minor version number as the Licensed Software. In
any event, all rights granted Licensee under this Agreement will be
void six (6) months after Trolltech made the Licensed Software
available.

9. Licensee may install copies of the Licensed Software on an
unlimited number of computers provided that there is only individual
using the Licensed Software per license. If Licensee is an entity,
Trolltech grants Licensee the right to designate one, and only one,
individual within Licensee's organization that shall have the sole
right to use the Licensed Software in the manner provided above.

10. Licensee may not rent, lease, sell, sublicense, assign, or
otherwise transfer any portion of the Licensed Software or any copy of
it. Licensee may not alter or remove any details of ownership,
copyright, trademark or other property right connected with the
Licensed Software. Licensee may not modify or distribute the Licensed
Software.  Licensee may not distribute any software statically or
dynamically linked with the Licensed Software.

11. The Licensed Software may provide links to third party libraries
or code (collectively "Third Party Libraries") to implement various
functions. Third Party Libraries do not comprise part of the Licensed
Software. In some cases, access to Third Party Libraries may be
included along with the Licensed Software delivery as a convenience
for development and testing only. Such source code and libraries as
are or may be listed in the ".../src/3rdparty" source tree delivered
with the Licensed Software, as may be amended from time to time, do
not comprise the Licensed Software. Licensee acknowledges (1) that
some Third Party Libraries may require additional licensing of
copyright and patents from the owners of such, and (2) that
distribution of any of the Licensed Software referencing any portion
of a Third Party Library may require appropriate licensing from such
third parties.

12. Beta Pre-Release Code, Non-Commercial Distribution: The Licensed
Software contains beta pre-relase code that is not at the level of
performance and compatibility of a final, generally available, product
offering. The Licensed Software may not operate correctly and may be
substantially modified prior to first commercial shipment, if any.
Trolltech is not obligated to make this or any later version of the
Licensed Software commercially available. Due to the nature of the
development work, Trolltech provides no assurance that any specific
errors or discrepancies in the Licensed Software will be
corrected. The Licensed Software is "Not for Commercial Distribution"
and may only be used for the purposes described in section 5, however
Applications may be distributed within Licensee's organization for
testing purposes.  Licensee may not use the Licensed Software in a
live operating environment where it may be relied upon to perform in
the same manner as a commercially released product or with data that
has not been sufficiently backed up.

13. Support and Updates: Trolltech is not obligated to provide
maintenance, technical support or updates to Licensee for the Licensed
Software provided to Licensee pursuant to this Agreement. However,
Trolltech may, in its sole discretion, provide further pre-release
versions, technical support, updates and/or supplements of the
Licensed Software and/or related information ("Support and Updates")
to Licensee hereunder, in which case such Support and Updates shall
also be deemed to be included in the Licensed Software and therefore
governed by this Agreement, unless other terms of use are provided by
Trolltech with such Support and Updates. Trolltech is not obligated to
make the Licensed Software commercially available.

14. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER: THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS LICENSED TO LICENSEE
"AS IS". TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TROLLTECH
ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS SUPPLIERS, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND
CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO,
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE. THIS WARRANTY DISCLAIMER NOTWITHSTANDING, LICENSEE MAY HAVE
SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS WHICH MAY VARY FROM STATE/JURISDICTION TO
STATE/JURISDICTION.

15. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: IF, TROLLTECH'S WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
NOTWITHSTANDING, TROLLTECH IS HELD LIABLE TO LICENSEE, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, BASED ON THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE, TROLLTECH'S ENTIRE LIABILITY TO LICENSEE AND LICENSEE'S
EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE, AT TROLLTECH'S OPTION, EITHER (A) RETURN OF
THE PRICE LICENSEE PAID FOR THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, OR (B) REPAIR OR
REPLACEMENT OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, PROVIDED LICENSEE RETURNS TO
TROLLTECH ALL COPIES OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE AS ORIGINALLY DELIVERED
TO LICENSEE. TROLLTECH SHALL NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE TO
LICENSEE BASED ON FAILURE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IF THE FAILURE
RESULTED FROM ACCIDENT, ABUSE OR MISAPPLICATION, NOR SHALL TROLLTECH
UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL DAMAGES, PUNITIVE OR
EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR INTERRUPTION OF
BUSINESS OR FOR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA. ANY AWARD OF DAMAGES FROM
TROLLTECH TO LICENSEE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT LICENSEE HAS
PAID TO TROLLTECH IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT.

16. Termination: Without prejudice to any other rights, Trolltech may
terminate this Agreement if Licensee fails to comply with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement. In such event, Licensee must destroy
all copies of the Licensed Software and all of its component parts.

17. Export Restrictions: Licensee agrees not to export or re-export
the Licensed Software, any part thereof, or any process or service
that is the direct product of the Licensed Software. Licensee may not
sell, resell, or otherwise transfer for value, the Licensed Software
(the foregoing collectively referred to as the "Restricted
Components"), to any country, person, entity or end user subject to
U.S. export restrictions. Licensee specifically agrees not to export
or re-export any of the Restricted Components (i) to any country to
which the U.S.  has embargoed or restricted the export of goods or
services, which currently include, but are not necessarily limited to
Cuba, Iran, Iraq, Libya, North Korea, Sudan and Syria, or to any
national of any such country, wherever located, who intends to
transmit or transport the Restricted Components back to such country;
(ii) to any end-user who Licensee knows or has reason to know will
utilize the Restricted Components in the design, development or
production of nuclear, chemical or biological weapons; or (iii) to any
end-user who has been prohibited from participating in U.S. export
transactions by any federal agency of the U.S. government. Licensee
warrants and represents that neither the U.S. Commerce Department,
Bureau of Export Administration nor any other U.S. federal agency has
suspended, revoked or denied Licensee's export privileges.

18. Government End Users: A "U.S. Government End User" shall mean any
agency or entity of the government of the United States. The following
shall apply if Licensee is a U.S. Government End User. The Licensed
Software is a "commercial item," as that term is defined in 48
C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer software"
and "commercial computer software documentation," as such terms are
used in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48
C.F.R. 12.212 and 48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995),
all U.S. Government End Users acquire the Licensed Software with only
those rights set forth herein. The Licensed Software (including
related documentation) is provided to U.S. Government End Users: (a)
only as a commercial end item; and (b) only pursuant to this
Agreement.

19. Compliance with local laws: Licensee shall comply with all
applicable laws and regulations relating to the Licensed Software in
the United States and in other countries in which Licensee uses or
modifies the Licensed Software. Without limiting the generality of the
foregoing, Licensee shall not export, reexport, disclose or distribute
any of the Licensed Software in violation of any applicable laws or
regulations, including the export laws and regulations of the United
States, and shall comply with all such laws and regulations.

20. Entire Agreement: This Agreement constitutes the complete
agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous discussions, representations, and proposals, written
or oral, with respect to the subject matters discussed herein. No
modification of this Agreement will be effective unless contained in a
writing executed by an authorized representative of each party. No
term or condition contained in Licensee's purchase order will apply
unless expressly accepted by Trolltech in writing. If any provision of
the Agreement is found void or unenforceable, the remainder will
remain valid and enforceable according to its terms. If any remedy
provided is determined to have failed for its essential purpose, all
limitations of liability and exclusions of damages set forth in this
Agreement shall remain in effect.

21. Governing law, legal venue: This Agreement shall be construed,
interpreted and governed by the laws of the State of California, USA.
Any action or proceeding arising from or relating to this Agreement
shall be brought in a federal court in the Northern District of
California or in the State Court in Santa Clara County, California,
and each party irrevocably submits to the personal jurisdiction of any
such court in any such action or proceeding. The Agreement gives
Licensee specific legal rights; Licensee may have others, which vary
from state to state and from country to country. Trolltech reserves
all rights not specifically granted in this Agreement.
