                 Qt EVALUATION VERSION LICENSE AGREEMENT

Copyright (C) 1999 Troll Tech AS.  All rights reserved.

This non-exclusive non-transferable License Agreement is between you
("Licensee") and Troll Tech AS, and pertains to the evaluation version of
the Qt GUI Toolkit ("Software"), including the source code, example
programs and the documentation.


                        COPYRIGHT AND RESTRICTIONS

1. All intellectual property rights in the Software are owned by Troll
Tech AS and are protected by Norwegian copyright laws, other applicable
copyright laws, and international treaty provisions. Troll Tech AS retains
all rights not expressly granted. No title, property rights or copyright
in the Software or in any modifications to the Software shall pass to the
Licensee under any circumstances.

2. The Licensee may not loan, rent, lease, or license the Software or any
copy. The Licensee may not alter or remove any details of ownership,
copyright, trade mark or other property right connected with the
Software. The Licensee may not disclose any source code or any concepts
and methods therein for any purpose other than as specifically provided
in this Agreement.

3. The Licensee may use the Software for evaluation purposes only. The
Licensee may not modify or distribute the Software. The Licensee may not
distribute any software statically or dynamically linked with the
Software.

4. This evaluation Software is time-limited. All rights granted to the
Licensee in this agreement will be void after the end of the evaluation
period, which is no later than 31 days after the Licensee received the
Software.


                         LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED
HEREIN, TROLL TECH AS MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE, INCLUDING THEIR
QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF THE
SOFTWARE IS WITH THE LICENSEE.

Because software is inherently complex and may not be completely free of
errors, the Licensee is advised to verify his work and make backup copies
where appropriate. In no event will Troll Tech AS be liable for any
damages whatsoever including - but not restricted to - lost revenue or
profits or other direct, indirect, special, incidental, cover, or
consequential damages arising out of the use of or inability to use the
Software, even if advised of the possibility of such damages, except to
the extent invariable law, if any, provides otherwise.


                              CHOICE OF LAW

This license is governed by the Laws of Norway. Disputes shall be settled
by Oslo City Court.
