Qtopia EVALUATION VERSION LICENSE AGREEMENT 
Agreement version 1.3

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY:

1.	This Trolltech End-User License Agreement ("Agreement") is a
legal agreement between you (either an individual or a legal entity)
("Licensee") and Trolltech Inc. ("Trolltech"), and pertains to the
Trolltech software product(s) accompanying this Agreement, which
include(s) computer software and may include "online" or electronic
documentation, associated media, and printed materials, including the
source code, example programs and the documentation ("Licensed
Software"). 

2.	The Licensed Software is protected by copyright laws and
international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property
laws and treaties. Trolltech retains all rights not expressly granted.
No title, property rights or copyright in the Licensed Software or in
any modifications to the Licensed Software shall pass to the Licensee
under any circumstances. The Licensed Software is licensed, not sold. 

3.	By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Licensed
Software, Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If
Licensee does not agree to the terms of this Agreement, Licensee should
not install, copy, or otherwise use the Licensed Software. 

4.	Upon Licensee's acceptance of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Trolltech grants Licensee the right to modify the Licensed
Software in the manner provided below. 

5.	Trolltech grants to Licensee a personal, non-exclusive,
non-transferable license to make and use copies of the Licensed Software
for the sole purpose of evaluating the Licensed Software. Licensee may
install copies of the Licensed Software on an unlimited number of
computers provided that Licensee is the only individual using the
Licensed Software. 

6.	Licensee may not loan, rent, lease, or license the Licensed
Software or any copy of it. Licensee may not alter or remove any details
of ownership, copyright, trademark or other property right connected
with the Licensed Software. Licensee may not modify or distribute the
Licensed Software. Licensee may not distribute any software statically
or dynamically linked with the Licensed Software. 

7. Non-Disclosure of Confidential Information: The parties agree that
Confidential Information shall mean information covering the following:
(i) pricing of the Licensed Software, (ii) the Licensed Software's
source code, and (ii) the Licensee's project and business details,
disclosed by either of the parties to the other party under this
Agreement. Both parties agree to maintain Confidential Information in
confidence by using a reasonable degree of care in order to ensure that
no unauthorized persons shall have access to the Confidential
Information. The parties agree that the terms of this section shall
continue in full force and effect irrespective of the expiration or
termination of this Agreement for a period of three (3) years from the
Effective Date (as specified below) of this Agreement unless otherwise
specified in a future agreement between the parties. Trolltech and
Licensee further agree that each party shall protect the existence and
terms of this Agreement, including information about the evaluation of
the Licensed Software in Licensee's business and terms around such use,
as Confidential Information. Confidential Information shall not include
that information which (i) becomes part of the public domain through no
breach by any of the parties; (ii) is independently developed without
use of Confidential Information; or (iii) is rightfully disclosed by a
third party. 

8. The right to use the Licensed Software is time-limited. All rights
granted to Licensee in this agreement will be void after the end of the
evaluation period, which is no later than 31 days after Licensee
received the Licensed Software. 

9. The Licensed Software may provide links to third party libraries,
content or code (collectively "Third Party Libraries") to implement
various functions. Third Party Libraries do not comprise part of the
Licensed Software. Access to Third Party Libraries is included along
with the Licensed Software delivery as a convenience only. The source
code and libraries in such Third Party Libraries may be listed in the
"../src/3rdparty" source tree delivered with the Licensed Software, as
may be amended from time to time, and do not comprise any of the
Licensed Software. Licensee acknowledges (1) that some Third Party
Libraries may require additional licensing from the owners or licensors
of such, and (2) that use, copying or distribution of any of the
Licensed Software referencing any portion of a Third Party Library may
require appropriate licensing from such third parties. 

10. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER: THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS LICENSED TO LICENSEE
"AS IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY
APPLICABLE LAW, TROLLTECH ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS LICENSORS AND
SUPPLIERS, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT
NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE. TROLLTECH DOES NOT WARRANT THAT THE LICENSED SOFTWARE
WILL SATISFY LICENSEE'S REQUIREMENTS OR THAT IT IS WITHOUT DEFECT OR
ERROR OR THAT THE OPERATION THEREOF WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED. ALL USE OF
AND RELIANCE ON THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS AT THE SOLE RISK OF AND
RESPONSIBILITY OF LICENSEE. 

11. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: IF, TROLLTECH'S WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
NOTWITHSTANDING, TROLLTECH IS HELD TO BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE, FOR ANY
CAUSE OF ACTION RELATING TO THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, TROLLTECH'S ENTIRE
LIABILITY TO LICENSEE AND LICENSEE'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE, AT
TROLLTECH'S OPTION, EITHER (A) RETURN OF THE FEES PAID BY LICENSEE FOR
THE LICENSE, OR (B) REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE,
PROVIDED LICENSEE RETURNS TO TROLLTECH ALL COPIES OF THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE AS ORIGINALLY DELIVERED TO LICENSEE. IN NO EVENT SHALL
TROLLTECH BE LIABLE FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, REVENUES, OPPORTUNITY, DATA
OR COMPUTER PROGRAMS, OR FOR ANY OTHER COMMERCIAL DAMAGE, OR FOR ANY
SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY OR INDIRECT
DAMAGES UNDER ANY CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS
AGREEMENT OR THE LICENSED SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION, INCLUDING, WITHOUT
LIMITATION, CLAIMS ARISING FROM MALFUNCTION OR DEFECTS IN THE LICENSED
SOFTWARE OR NON-DELIVERY OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, EVEN IF TROLLTECH HAS
BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES. 

GENERAL PROVISIONS

12. This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by authorized
representatives of Licensee and Trolltech. In case of a conflict between
the Agreement and the terms of any purchase order or other ordering
document, the Agreement shall prevail. If any provision of the Agreement
is found void or unenforceable, the remainder will remain valid and
enforceable according to its terms. If any remedy provided is determined
to have failed for its essential purpose, all limitations of liability
and exclusions of damages set forth in this Agreement shall remain in
effect. 

13. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and governed by the
laws of the State of California, USA. Any action or proceeding arising
from or relating to this Agreement shall be brought in a federal court
in the Northern District of California or in the State Court in Santa
Clara County, California, and each party irrevocably submits to the
personal jurisdiction of any such court in any such action or
proceeding. The Agreement gives Licensee specific legal rights; Licensee
may have others, which vary from state to state and from country to
country. Trolltech reserves all rights not specifically granted in this
Agreement. 
