This is Qt version %VERSION%

Qt is a cross-platform C++ GUI application framework.

Qt 4.0 introduces new features and many improvements over the 3.x.x
series. See the changes file for details.

The Qt version 4.0 series is not binary compatible nor source
compatible with the 3.x.x series.

For this release, the following platforms have been tested:

  win32-g++
  win32-icc
  win32-msvc
  win32-msvc.net

  aix-g++
  aix-xlc
  aix-xlc-64
  freebsd-g++
  freebsd-icc
  hpux-acc
  hpux-g++
  irix-cc
  irix-cc-64
  irix-g++
  linux-ecc-64
  linux-g++
  linux-icc
  solaris-cc
  solaris-cc-64
  solaris-g++
  solaris-g++-64
  tru64-g++

  macx-g++

If you want to use Qt 4 on an unsupported version of Unix, please
contact us at qt-bugs@trolltech.com so that we can assist you.


How to get the release:

Qt Open Source Edition: Download the .tar.gz archive from
ftp.trolltech.com. For faster download times, use ftpsearch and search
for %DISTNAME% to find it on a mirror ftp site
near you.

Qt Professional Edition, Qt Enterprise Edition: Holders of valid
licenses should have received an e-mail with instructions on how to
get the new release. Contact sales@trolltech.com if you are a
Professional or Enterprise Edition licensee and have not received this
e-mail.

Trolltech has set up a special mailing list, qt4-preview-feedback, for
discussion of issues relating to the Qt 4 beta releases. To subscribe,
send a message containing just the word subscribe to
qt4-preview-feedback-request@trolltech.com.  We encourage you to use
this mailing list instead of qt-interest for Qt 4 specific issues. See
http://lists.trolltech.com/ for more information on Trolltech's
mailing lists, including archived discussions.

If you think you have found an actual bug in Qt, we would like to hear
about it so that we can fix it. In that case, please send the bug
report to qt-bugs@trolltech.com. Be aware that we cannot guarantee a
personal reply for all bug reports.

Before reporting a bug, please check the Known Issues page,
http://doc.trolltech.com/4.0/known-issues.html, on our web site to see
if the issue is already known.

Always include the following information in your bug report:

  The name and version number of your compiler
  The name and version number of your operating system
  The version of Qt you are using, and what configure options it was
  compiled with.

If the problem you are reporting is only visible at run-time, try to
create a small test program that shows the problem when run. Often,
such a program can be created with some minor changes to one of the
many example programs in Qt's examples directory.

If you are a licensed customer, be aware that we cannot provide
technical support for beta releases. Use the qt4-preview-feedback
mailing list for questions related to the Qt 4 beta.

Qt is a trademark of Trolltech AS.
