Qtopia Core DEVELOPER LICENSE AGREEMENT
Agreement version 1.0 

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY:
1. This Qtopia Core Developer License Agreement (this "Agreement") is
a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a legal entity)
("Licensee") and Trolltech AS ("Trolltech") for the Trolltech software
product(s) accompanying this Agreement, which include(s) computer
software and may include "online" or electronic documentation,
associated media, and printed materials, including the source code,
example programs and the documentation (the "Licensed Software").

2. The Licensed Software is protected by copyright laws and
international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual
property laws and treaties. The Licensed Software is licensed, not
sold.

3. Some of the files in the Licensed Software have been grouped into
Modules. These files contain specific notices defining the Module of
which they are a part. The Modules licensed to Licensee are specified
in the license certificate ("License Certificate") accompanying the
Licensed Software. The terms of the License Certificate are considered
part of the Agreement. In the event of inconsistency or conflict
between the language of this Agreement and the License Certificate,
the provisions of this Agreement shall govern.

4. By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Licensed Software,
Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If
Licensee does not agree to the terms of this Agreement, Licensee
should not install, copy, or otherwise use the Licensed Software. In
addition, by installing, copying, or otherwise using any updates,
modules, or other components of the Licensed Software that Licensee
may receive separately as part of the Licensed Software ("Updates"),
Licensee agrees to be bound by any additional license terms that
accompany such Updates.  If Licensee does not agree to the additional
license terms that accompany such Updates, Licensee should not
install, copy, or otherwise use such Updates.

5. Upon Licensee's acceptance of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Trolltech grants Licensee the right to use the Licensed
Software in the manner provided below.

End-User License

6. Trolltech grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
perpetual license to make and use copies of the Licensed Software for
the maximum number of named individuals within Licensee's organization
("Named User(s)") specified in the License Certificate for the sole
purposes of designing, developing, and testing Licensee's software
product(s) which may include the Licensed Software ("Application(s)"),
as well as (a) modify the Licensed Software as limited by section 10
below, and (b) compile Licensed Software and/or Modified Software
source code into object code. Modified Licensed Software shall be
considered as Licensed Software for the purposes of this Agreement.

7. Licensee may install copies of the Licensed Software on an
unlimited number of computers provided that only the Named Users use
the Licensed Software. Licensee may at any time designate another
Named User within Licensee's organization to replace a then-current
Named User by notifying Trolltech, provided that a) the then-current
Named User has not been designated as a replacement during the last
six (6) months; and b) there is no more than the specified number of
Named Users at any given time.

Redistribution License

8. Licensee may not distribute, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose
of, the Licensed Software or any part thereof, solely or as a part of
an Application, its source code, in binary/compiled, or in any other
form ("Redistributables"), except as provided by a separate
distribution agreement with Trolltech.

9. Notwithstanding the above limitation, Licensee may distribute the
Application in binary/compiled form, dynamically linked against the
Licensed Software, provided the only parts of the Licensed Software
included in the Application are derived from the header files of the
Licensed Software, and that no other parts of the Licensed Software
are distributed in any form.

Generally Applicable Provisions

10. Verification: Trolltech or a certified auditor on Trolltech's
behalf, may, upon its reasonable request and at its expense, audit
Licensee with respect to the use of the Licensed Software. Any such
audit shall be conducted during regular business hours at Licensee's
facilities and shall not unreasonably interfere with Licensee's
business activities. Trolltech will not remove, copy, or redistribute
any electronic material during the course of an audit. Licensee does
not implicitly grant Trolltech any form of license agreement. If an
audit reveals that Licensee is using the Licensed Software in a way
that is in material violation of the terms of the Agreement, then
Licensee shall pay Trolltech's reasonable costs of conducting the
audit. In the case of a material violation, Licensee agrees to pay
Trolltech any amounts owing that are attributable to the unauthorized
use. In the alternative, Trolltech reserves the right, at Trolltech's
sole option, to terminate the licenses for the Licensed Software.

11. The license granted Licensee in this Agreement for Licensee to
create, modify and distribute Applications is subject to all of the
following conditions: (i) all copies of the Applications Licensee
creates must bear a valid copyright notice; (ii) Licensee may not
remove or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights
notice contained in any portion of the Licensed Software including but
not limited to the About Boxes; (iii) Redistributables, if any, shall
be licensed to Licensee's customers "as is"; (iv) Licensee will
indemnify and hold Trolltech, its related companies and its officers,
directors, employees, representatives, licensors and suppliers,
harmless from and against any claims or liabilities arising out of the
use, reproduction or distribution of Applications and of
Redistributables; (v) Applications must be developed using a licensed,
registered copy of the Licensed Software; (vi) Applications must add
primary and substantial functionality to the Licensed Software; (vii)
Applications may not pass on functionality which in any way makes it
possible for others to create software with the Licensed Software;
(viii) Licensee may not change the Modified Licensed Software such
that the source or binary compatibility with the Licensed Software is
broken. This includes, but is not limited to, changing the application
programming interfaces ("API") by adding, changing or deleting any
variable, method, or class signature in the Licensed Software, the
inter-process QCop specification, and/or any inter-process protocols,
services or standards in the Licensed Software libraries; furthermore
the semantics of the API must be maintained; (xi) Applications may not
compete with the Licensed Software; (x) Licensee may not use
Trolltech's or any of its suppliers' names, logos, or trademarks to
market Applications, except to state that Licensee's program was
developed using the Licensed Software.

NOTE: Qtopia Core Open Source Edition is licensed under the terms of
the GPL and not under this Agreement. If Licensee has, at any time,
developed all (or any portions of) the Application(s) using an Open
Source Edition of a Trolltech product, Licensee must comply with
Trolltech's requirements (see
http://www.trolltech.com/products/qtopia/gpl.html and license such
Application(s) (or any portions derived there from) under the terms of
the Free Software Foundation's GNU General Public License version 2
(the "GPL") a copy of which is located at
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html#SEC1 (i.e., any Product(s) and/or
parts, components, portions thereof developed using GPL licensed
software, including an Open Source Edition of a Trolltech product,
must be licensed under the terms of the GPL, and the GPL-based source
code must be made available upon request).

12. The Licensed Software may provide links to third party libraries
or code (collectively "Third Party Libraries") to implement various
functions. Third Party Libraries do not comprise part of the Licensed
Software. In some cases, access to Third Party Libraries may be
included along with the Licensed Software delivery as a convenience
for development and testing only. Such source code and libraries as
are or may be listed in the "/src/3rdparty" source tree delivered
with the Licensed Software, as may be amended from time to time, do
not comprise the Licensed Software. Licensee acknowledges (1) that
some Third Party Libraries may require additional licensing of
copyright and patents from the owners of such, and (2) that
distribution of any of the Licensed Software referencing any portion
of a Third Party Library may require appropriate licensing from such
third parties.

13. Warranty Disclaimer: Except as otherwise provided herein, the
Licensed Software is licensed to Licensee "as is". Except as otherwise
provided herein, to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law,
Trolltech on behalf of itself and its suppliers, disclaims all
warranties and conditions, either express or implied, including, but
not limited to, implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for
a particular purpose, title and non-infringement with regard to the
Licensed Software.

14. Limitation of Liability: If Trolltech's warranty disclaimer
notwithstanding, Trolltech is held to be liable to Licensee, based on
the Licensed Software, Trolltech's entire liability to Licensee and
Licensee's exclusive remedy shall be, at Trolltech's option, either
(a) return of the price Licensee paid for the Licensed Software, or
(b) repair or replacement of the Licensed Software, provided Licensee
returns to Trolltech all copies of the Licensed Software as originally
delivered to Licensee. Trolltech shall not under any circumstances be
liable to Licensee based on failure of the Licensed Software if the
failure resulted from accident, abuse or misapplication, nor shall
Trolltech under any circumstances be liable for special damages,
punitive or exemplary damages, damages for loss of profits or
interruption of business or for loss or corruption of data. Any award
of damages from Trolltech to Licensee shall not exceed the total
amount Licensee has paid to Trolltech in connection with this
Agreement.

15. Support and Updates: Licensee will be eligible to receive email
based software developer support and access to Updates ("Support and
Updates") to the Licensed Software for a period not to exceed one year
from the date of initial delivery ("Initial Term"), in accordance with
Trolltech's then current policies and procedures, if any. Such
policies and procedures may be changed from time to time. Following
the Initial Term, Trolltech will no longer make the Licensed Software
available to Licensee unless Licensee purchases additional Support and
Updates according to section 16 below.

16. Renewal of Support and Updates: Licensee may purchase additional
Support and Updates following the Initial Term at Trolltech's terms
and conditions applicable at the time of renewal.

GENERAL PROVISIONS

17. Licensee Name: Trolltech may include Licensee's company name in a
publicly available list of Trolltech customers.

18. No Assignment: Neither this Agreement nor Licensee's rights under
this Agreement are assignable or transferable by Licensee either in
whole or in part to any third party without Trolltech's written
consent. Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the
foregoing shall be void. Trolltech may assign or transfer this
Agreement to any third party who acquires substantially all of
Trolltech copyrights in and to the Licensed Software.

19. Termination: Trolltech may terminate the Agreement at any time
immediately upon written notice by Trolltech to Licensee if Licensee
breaches this Agreement, fails to pay the fees for the Licensed
Software, or infringes Trolltech's intellectual property in or to the
Licensed Software. Upon termination of the Licenses, Licensee shall
return to Trolltech all copies of Licensed Software that were supplied
by Trolltech. All other copies of Licensed Software in the possession
or control of Licensee must be erased or destroyed. An officer of
Licensee must promptly deliver to Trolltech a written confirmation
that this has occurred.

20. Entire Agreement: This Agreement constitutes the complete
agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous discussions, representations, and proposals, written
or oral, with respect to the subject matters discussed herein. No
modification of this Agreement will be effective unless contained in a
writing executed by an authorized representative of each party. No
terms, provisions, or conditions of any purchase order, acknowledgment
or other business form that Licensee may use in connection with this
Agreement will have any effect on the rights, duties or obligations of
the Parties hereto, or otherwise modify this Agreement, regardless of
any failure of Trolltech to object to such terms, provisions or
conditions. If any provision of the Agreement is found void or
unenforceable, the remainder will remain valid and enforceable
according to its terms. If any remedy provided is determined to have
failed for its essential purpose, all limitations of liability and
exclusions of damages set forth in this Agreement shall remain in
effect.

21. Governing law, legal venue: This Agreement shall be construed,
interpreted and governed by the laws of Norway without reference to
its conflict of law provisions. Furthermore, the legal venue shall be
Oslo City Court.

22. All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Trolltech.
