Qt COMMERCIAL LICENSE AGREEMENT
FOR PROFESSIONAL AND ENTERPRISE EDITIONS
16 October, 2000


IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: This Trolltech End-User License Agreement
("EULA") is a legal agreement between you (either an individual or a
legal entity) and Trolltech Incorporated ("TTI") for the Trolltech
software product(s) accompanying this EULA, which include(s) computer
software and may include "online" or electronic documentation,
associated media, and printed materials ("Licensed Product").

The Licensed Product is protected by copyright laws and international
copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and
treaties. The Licensed Product is licensed, not sold.

Some of the files in the Licensed Product have been grouped into
Modules. These files contain specific notices defining the Module of
which they are a part. The Modules licensed to you are specified in
the license certificate ("License Certificate") accompanying the
Licensed Product.  The terms of the License Certificate are considered
part of the EULA.  In the event of inconsistency or conflict between
the language of this EULA and the License Certificate, the provisions
of this EULA shall govern.
 
By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Licensed Product, you
agree to be bound by the terms of this EULA. If you do not agree to
the terms of this EULA, do not install, copy, or otherwise use the
Licensed Product; you may, however, return it to your place of
purchase for a full refund. In addition, by installing, copying, or
otherwise using any updates or other components of the Licensed
Product that you receive separately as part of the Licensed Product
("Updates"), you agree to be bound by any additional license terms
that accompany such Updates. If you do not agree to the additional
license terms that accompany such Updates, you may not install, copy,
or otherwise use such Updates.

Upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this EULA, TTI
grants you the right to use the Licensed Product in the manner
provided below.

TTI grants to you as an individual a personal, nonexclusive,
nontransferable license to make and use copies of the Licensed Product
for the sole purposes of designing, developing, and testing your
software product(s) ("Applications"). You may install copies of the
Licensed Product on an unlimited number of computers provided that you
are the only individual using the Licensed Product. If you are an
entity, TTI grants you the right to designate one, and only one,
individual within your organization who shall have the sole right to
use the Licensed Product in the manner provided above.  You may at any
time, but not more frequently that once every six (6) months,
designate another individual to replace the current designated user by
notifying TTI, so long as there is no more than one designated user at
any given time.


GENERAL TERMS THAT APPLY TO APPLICATIONS AND REDISTRIBUTABLES
TTI grants you a nonexclusive, royalty-free right to reproduce and
distribute the object code form of any portion of the Licensed Product
("Redistributables") for execution on any operating system of a type
listed in the License Certificate ("Platforms"). Copies of
Redistributables may only be distributed with and for the sole purpose
of executing Applications permitted under this License Agreement that
you have created using the Licensed Product.  Under no circumstances
may any copies of Redistributables be distributed separately.

The license granted in this EULA for you to create your own
Applications and distribute them and the Redistributables (if any) to
your customers is subject to all of the following conditions: (i) all
copies of the Applications you create must bear a valid copyright
notice, either your own or the copyright notice that appears on the
Licensed Product; (ii) you may not remove or alter any copyright,
trademark or other proprietary rights notice contained in any portion
of the Licensed Product; (iii) Redistributables, if any, shall be
licensed to your customer "as is" (TTI MAKES NO WARRANTIES OR
REPRESENTATIONS VIS-A-VIS YOUR CUSTOMER WITH RESPECT TO
REDISTRIBUTABLES, AND TTI EXPRESSLY DISCLAIMS ANY AND ALL WARRANTIES
VIS-A-VIS YOUR CUSTOMER, WHETHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ORAL OR WRITTEN,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO ANY IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY
OR FITNESS FOR ANY PARTICULAR PURPOSE, WHETHER OR NOT TTI KNOWS, HAS
REASON TO KNOW, HAS BEEN ADVISED OR IS OTHERWISE AWARE OF SUCH
PURPOSE); (iv) you will indemnify and hold TTI, its related companies
and its suppliers, harmless from and against any claims or liabilities
arising out of the use, reproduction or distribution of your
Applications; (v) your Applications must be written using a licensed,
registered copy of the Licensed Product; (vi) your Applications must
add primary and substantial functionality, and may not compete with
the Licensed Product; (vii) you may not use TTI's or any of its
suppliers' names, logos, or trademarks to market your programs, except
to state that your program was written using the Licensed Product.


WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
THE LICENSED PRODUCT IS LICENSED TO YOU "AS IS".  TO THE MAXIMUN
EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TTI ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS
SUPPLIERS, DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND
NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE LICENSED PRODUCT.  THIS WARRANTY
DISCLAIMER NOTWITHSTANDING, YOU MAY HAVE SPECIFIC LEGAL RIGHTS WHICH
MAY VARY FROM STATE/JURISDICTION TO STATE/JURISDICTION.


LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IF, TTI'S WARRANTY DISCLAIMER NOTWITHSTANDING, TTI IS HELD LIABLE TO
YOU, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY, BASED ON THE
LICENSED PRODUCT, TTI'S ENTIRE LIABILITY TO YOU AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE
REMEDY SHALL BE, AT TTI'S OPTION, EITHER (A) RETURN OF THE PRICE YOU
PAID FOR THE LICENSED PRODUCT, OR (B) REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF THE
LICENSED PRODUCT, PROVIDED YOU RETURN TO TTI ALL COPIES OF THE
LICENSED PRODUCT AS ORIGINALLY DELIVERED TO YOU.  TTI SHALL NOT UNDER
ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE TO YOU BASED ON FAILURE OF THE LICENSED
PRODUCT IF THE FAILURE RESULTED FROM ACCIDENT, ABUSE OR
MISAPPLICATION, NOR SHALL TTI UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR
SPECIAL DAMAGES, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
PROFITS OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS OR FOR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA.
ANY AWARD OF DAMAGES FROM TTI TO YOU SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT
YOU HAVE PAID TO TTI IN CONNECTION WITH THIS EULA.


SUPPORT AND UPDATES
You will receive email based, software developer support and access to
Updates to the Licensed Product for one year from the date of initial
delivery, in accordance with TTI support policies and procedures.
Such policies and procedures may be changed from time to time.


GENERAL PROVISIONS
This EULA may only be modified in writing signed by you and an
authorized officer of TTI. All terms of any purchase order or other
ordering document shall be superseded by this EULA.  If any provision
of the EULA is found void or unenforceable, the remainder will remain
valid and enforceable according to its terms.  If any remedy provided
is determined to have failed for its essential purpose, all
limitations of liability and exclusions of damages set forth in this
EULA shall remain in effect.

This EULA shall be construed, interpreted and governed by the laws of
the State of California, U.S.A.  The EULA gives you specific legal
rights; you may have others, which vary from state to state and from
country to country.  TTI reserves all rights not specifically granted
in this EULA.
