Qt COMMERCIAL LICENSE AGREEMENT
FOR PROFESSIONAL AND ENTERPRISE EDITIONS
Version 2.0

Copyright (C) 2001 Trolltech AS.  All rights reserved.

This non-exclusive non-transferable License Agreement ("Agreement") is
between you ("Licensee") and Trolltech AS (TT), and pertains to the
Trolltech software product(s) accompanying this Agreement, which
include(s) computer software and may include "online" or electronic
documentation, associated media, and printed materials, including the
source code, example programs and the documentation ("Software").


                        COPYRIGHT AND RESTRICTIONS

1. All intellectual property rights in the Software are owned by TT
and are protected by Norwegian copyright laws, other applicable
copyright laws, and international treaty provisions. TT retains all
rights not expressly granted. No title, property rights or copyright
in the Software or in any modifications to the Software shall pass to
the Licensee under any circumstances. The Software is licensed, not
sold.

2. By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Software, you agree
to be bound by the terms of this agreement. If you do not agree to the
terms of this Agreement, do not install, copy, or otherwise use the
Software.

3. Upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of this Agreement,
TT grants you the right to use the Software in the manner provided
below.

4. TT grants to you as an individual a personal, nonexclusive,
non-transferable license to make and use copies of the Software for
the sole purposes of designing, developing, testing and distributing
your software product(s) ("Applications"). You may install copies of
the Software on an unlimited number of computers provided that you are
the only individual using the Software. If you are an entity, TT
grants you the right to designate one, and only one, individual within
your organization who shall have the sole right to use the Software in
the manner provided above.

5. The license granted in this Agreement for you to create and
distribute your own Applications is subject to all of the following
conditions: (i) all copies of the Applications you create must bear a
valid copyright notice, either your own or the copyright notice that
appears on the Software; (ii) you may not remove or alter any
copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice contained in
any portion of the Software; (iii) you will indemnify and hold TT, its
related companies and its suppliers, harmless from and against any
claims or liabilities arising out of the use and/or reproduction of
your Applications; (iv) your Applications must be written using a
licensed, registered copy of the Software; (v) your Applications must
add primary and substantial functionality to the Software; (vi) your
Applications may not pass on functionality which in any way makes it
possible for others to create Applications with the Software; (vii)
your Applications may not compete with the Software; (viii) you may
not use TT's or any of its suppliers' names, logos, or trademarks to
market your programs, except to state that your program was written
using the Software.

6. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
THE SOFTWARE IS LICENSED TO YOU "AS IS".  TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT
PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, TT ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS SUPPLIERS,
DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED,
INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH
REGARD TO THE SOFTWARE.

7. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
IF, TT'S WARRANTY DISCLAIMER NOTWITHSTANDING, TT IS HELD LIABLE TO YOU
BASED ON THE SOFTWARE, TT'S ENTIRE LIABILITY TO YOU AND YOUR EXCLUSIVE
REMEDY SHALL BE, AT REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF THE SOFTWARE, PROVIDED
YOU RETURN TO TT ALL COPIES OF THE SOFTWARE AS ORIGINALLY DELIVERED TO
YOU.  TT SHALL NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE TO YOU BASED ON
FAILURE OF THE SOFTWARE IF THE FAILURE RESULTED FROM ACCIDENT, ABUSE
OR MISAPPLICATION, NOR SHALL TT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR
SPECIAL DAMAGES, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
PROFITS OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS OR FOR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA.

9. This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by you and an
authorized officer of TT. All terms of any purchase order or other
ordering document shall be superseded by this Agreement.

10. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and governed by the
laws of the Norway, the venue to be Oslo City Court.

