Qtopia Core Developer License Agreement
Agreement version 1.1

IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: 
1. This Qtopia Core Developer License Agreement (this "Agreement") is a
legal agreement between you (either an individual or a legal entity)
("Licensee") and Trolltech, Inc. ("Trolltech") for the Trolltech
software product(s) accompanying this Agreement, which include(s)
computer software and may include "online" or electronic documentation,
associated media, and printed materials, including the source code,
example programs and the documentation (the "Licensed Software"). 

2. The Licensed Software is protected by copyright laws and
international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property
laws and treaties. The Licensed Software is licensed, not sold. 

3. Some of the files in the Licensed Software have been grouped into
Modules. These files contain specific notices defining the Module of
which they are a part. The Modules licensed to Licensee are specified in
the license certificate ("License Certificate") accompanying the
Licensed Software. The terms of the License Certificate are considered
part of the Agreement. In the event of inconsistency or conflict between
the language of this Agreement and the License Certificate, the
provisions of this Agreement shall govern. 

4. By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Licensed Software,
Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If Licensee
does not agree to the terms of this Agreement, Licensee should not
install, copy, or otherwise use the Licensed Software. In addition, by
installing, copying, or otherwise using any updates, modules, or other
components of the Licensed Software that Licensee may receive separately
as part of the Licensed Software ("Updates"), Licensee agrees to be
bound by any additional license terms that accompany such Updates. If
Licensee does not agree to the additional license terms that accompany
such Updates, Licensee should not install, copy, or otherwise use such
Updates. 

5. Upon Licensee's acceptance of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Trolltech grants Licensee the right to use the Licensed
Software in the manner provided below. 

End-User License

6. Trolltech grants to Licensee a non-exclusive, non-transferable,
perpetual license to make and use copies of the Licensed Software for
the maximum number of named individuals within Licensee's organization
("Named User(s)") specified in the License Certificate for the sole
purposes of designing, developing, and testing Licensee's software
product(s) which may include the Licensed Software ("Application(s)"),
as well as (a) modify the Licensed Software as limited by section 10
below, and (b) compile Licensed Software and/or Modified Software source
code into object code. Modified Licensed Software shall be considered as
Licensed Software for the purposes of this Agreement. 

7. Licensee may install copies of the Licensed Software on an unlimited
number of computers provided that only the Named Users use the Licensed
Software. Licensee may at any time designate another Named User within
Licensee's organization to replace a then-current Named User by
notifying Trolltech, provided that a) the then-current Named User has
not been designated as a replacement during the last six (6) months; and
b) there is no more than the specified number of Named Users at any
given time. 

Redistribution License

8. Licensee may not distribute, transfer, assign or otherwise dispose
of, the Licensed Software or any part thereof, solely or as a part of an
Application, its source code, in binary/compiled, or in any other form
("Redistributables"), except as provided by a separate distribution
agreement with Trolltech. 

9. Notwithstanding the above limitation, Licensee may distribute the
Application in binary/compiled form, dynamically linked against the
Licensed Software, provided the only parts of the Licensed Software
included in the Application are derived from the header files of the
Licensed Software, and that no other parts of the Licensed Software are
distributed in any form. 

Generally Applicable Provisions

10. Verification: Trolltech or a certified auditor on Trolltech's
behalf, may, upon its reasonable request and at its expense, audit
Licensee with respect to the use of the Licensed Software. Any such
audit shall be conducted during regular business hours at Licensee's
facilities and shall not unreasonably interfere with Licensee's business
activities. Trolltech will not remove, copy, or redistribute any
electronic material during the course of an audit. Licensee does not
implicitly grant Trolltech any form of license agreement. If an audit
reveals that Licensee is using the Licensed Software in a way that is in
material violation of the terms of the Agreement, then Licensee shall
pay Trolltech's reasonable costs of conducting the audit. In the case of
a material violation, Licensee agrees to pay Trolltech any amounts owing
that are attributable to the unauthorized use. In the alternative,
Trolltech reserves the right, at Trolltech's sole option, to terminate
the licenses for the Licensed Software. 

11. The license granted Licensee in this Agreement for Licensee to
create, modify and distribute Applications is subject to all of the
following conditions: (i) all copies of the Applications Licensee
creates must bear a valid copyright notice; (ii) Licensee may not remove
or alter any copyright, trademark or other proprietary rights notice
contained in any portion of the Licensed Software including but not
limited to the About Boxes; (iii) Redistributables, if any, shall be
licensed to Licensee's customers "as is"; (iv) Licensee will indemnify
and hold Trolltech, its related companies and its officers, directors,
employees, representatives, licensors and suppliers, harmless from and
against any claims or liabilities arising out of the use, reproduction
or distribution of Applications and of Redistributables; (v)
Applications must be developed using a licensed, registered copy of the
Licensed Software; (vi) Applications must add primary and substantial
functionality to the Licensed Software; (vii) Applications may not pass
on functionality which in any way makes it possible for others to create
software with the Licensed Software; (viii) Licensee may not change the
Modified Licensed Software such that the source or binary compatibility
with the Licensed Software is broken. This includes, but is not limited
to, changing the application programming interfaces ("API") by adding,
changing or deleting any variable, method, or class signature in the
Licensed Software, the inter-process QCop specification, and/or any
inter-process protocols, services or standards in the Licensed Software
libraries; furthermore the semantics of the API must be maintained; (xi)
Applications may not compete with the Licensed Software; (x) Licensee
may not use Trolltech's or any of its suppliers' names, logos, or
trademarks to market Applications, except to state that Licensee's
program was developed using the Licensed Software. 

NOTE: Qtopia Core Open Source Edition is licensed under the terms of the
GPL and not under this Agreement. If Licensee has, at any time,
developed all (or any portions of) the Application(s) using an Open
Source Edition of a Trolltech product, Licensee must comply with
Trolltech's requirements (see
http://www.trolltech.com/products/qtopia/gpl.html and license such
Application(s) (or any portions derived there from) under the terms of
the Free Software Foundation's GNU General Public License version 2 (the
"GPL") a copy of which is located at
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/gpl.html#SEC1 (i.e., any Product(s) and/or
parts, components, portions thereof developed using GPL licensed
software, including an Open Source Edition of a Trolltech product, must
be licensed under the terms of the GPL, and the GPL-based source code
must be made available upon request). 

12. The Licensed Software may provide links to third party libraries or
code (collectively "Third Party Libraries") to implement various
functions. Third Party Libraries do not comprise part of the Licensed
Software. In some cases, access to Third Party Libraries may be included
along with the Licensed Software delivery as a convenience for
development and testing only. Such source code and libraries as are or
may be listed in the ".../src/3rdparty" source tree delivered with the
Licensed Software, as may be amended from time to time, do not comprise
the Licensed Software. Licensee acknowledges (1) that some Third Party
Libraries may require additional licensing of copyright and patents from
the owners of such, and (2) that distribution of any of the Licensed
Software referencing any portion of a Third Party Library may require
appropriate licensing from such third parties. 

13. WARRANTY DISCLAIMER: EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE PROVIDED HEREIN, THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE IS LICENSED TO LICENSEE "AS IS". EXCEPT AS OTHERWISE
PROVIDED HEREIN, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
TROLLTECH ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS SUPPLIERS, DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE. 

14. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: IF TROLLTECH'S WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
NOTWITHSTANDING, TROLLTECH IS HELD TO BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE, BASED ON
THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, TROLLTECH'S ENTIRE LIABILITY TO LICENSEE AND
LICENSEE'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY SHALL BE, AT TROLLTECH'S OPTION, EITHER (A)
RETURN OF THE PRICE LICENSEE PAID FOR THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, OR (B)
REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, PROVIDED LICENSEE
RETURNS TO TROLLTECH ALL COPIES OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE AS ORIGINALLY
DELIVERED TO LICENSEE. TROLLTECH SHALL NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE
LIABLE TO LICENSEE BASED ON FAILURE OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IF THE
FAILURE RESULTED FROM ACCIDENT, ABUSE OR MISAPPLICATION, NOR SHALL
TROLLTECH UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL DAMAGES,
PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF PROFITS OR
INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS OR FOR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA. ANY AWARD OF
DAMAGES FROM TROLLTECH TO LICENSEE SHALL NOT EXCEED THE TOTAL AMOUNT
LICENSEE HAS PAID TO TROLLTECH IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT. 

15. Support and Updates: Licensee will be eligible to receive email
based software developer support and access to Updates ("Support and
Updates") to the Licensed Software for a period not to exceed one year
from the date of initial delivery ("Initial Term"), in accordance with
Trolltech's then current policies and procedures, if any. Such policies
and procedures may be changed from time to time. Following the Initial
Term, Trolltech will no longer make the Licensed Software available to
Licensee unless Licensee purchases additional Support and Updates
according to section 16 below. 

16. Renewal of Support and Updates: Licensee may purchase additional
Support and Updates following the Initial Term at Trolltech's terms and
conditions applicable at the time of renewal. 

GENERAL PROVISIONS

17. Licensee Name: Trolltech may include Licensee's company name in a
publicly available list of Trolltech customers. 

18. No Assignment: Neither this Agreement nor Licensee's rights under
this Agreement are assignable or transferable by Licensee either in
whole or in part to any third party without Trolltech's written consent.
Any attempted assignment or transfer in violation of the foregoing shall
be void. Trolltech may assign or transfer this Agreement to any third
party who acquires substantially all of Trolltech copyrights in and to
the Licensed Software. 

19. Termination: Trolltech may terminate the Agreement at any time
immediately upon written notice by Trolltech to Licensee if Licensee
breaches this Agreement, fails to pay the fees for the Licensed
Software, or infringes Trolltech's intellectual property in or to the
Licensed Software. Upon termination of the Licenses, Licensee shall
return to Trolltech all copies of Licensed Software that were supplied
by Trolltech. All other copies of Licensed Software in the possession or
control of Licensee must be erased or destroyed. An officer of Licensee
must promptly deliver to Trolltech a written confirmation that this has
occurred. 

20. Government End Users: A "U.S. Government End User" shall mean any
agency or entity of the government of the United States. The following
shall apply if Licensee is a U.S. Government End User. The Licensed
Software is a "commercial item," as that term is defined in 48 C.F.R.
2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer software" and
"commercial computer software documentation," as such terms are used in
48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and 48
C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government
End Users acquire the Licensed Software with only those rights set forth
herein. The Licensed Software (including related documentation) is
provided to U.S. Government End Users: (a) only as a commercial end
item; and (b) only pursuant to this Agreement. 

21. Compliance with local laws: Licensee shall comply with all
applicable laws and regulations relating to the Licensed Software in the
United States and in other countries in which Licensee uses or modifies
the Licensed Software. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Licensee shall not export, re-export, disclose or distribute any of the
Licensed Software in violation of any applicable laws or regulations,
including the export laws and regulations of the United States, and
shall comply with all such laws and regulations. 

22. Entire Agreement: This Agreement constitutes the complete agreement
between the parties and supersedes all prior or contemporaneous
discussions, representations, and proposals, written or oral, with
respect to the subject matters discussed herein. No modification of this
Agreement will be effective unless contained in a writing executed by an
authorized representative of each party. No terms, provisions, or
conditions of any purchase order, acknowledgment or other business form
that Licensee may use in connection with this Agreement will have any
effect on the rights, duties or obligations of the Parties hereto, or
otherwise modify this Agreement, regardless of any failure of Trolltech
to object to such terms, provisions or conditions. If any provision of
the Agreement is found void or unenforceable, the remainder will remain
valid and enforceable according to its terms. If any remedy provided is
determined to have failed for its essential purpose, all limitations of
liability and exclusions of damages set forth in this Agreement shall
remain in effect. 

23. Governing law, legal venue: This Agreement shall be construed,
interpreted and governed by the laws of the State of California, USA
without reference to its conflict of law provisions. Furthermore, any
action or proceeding arising from or relating to this Agreement shall be
brought in a federal court in the Northern District of California or in
the State Court in Santa Clara County, California, and each party
irrevocably submits to the personal jurisdiction of any such court in
any such action or proceeding. 

24. The Agreement gives Licensee specific legal rights; Licensee may
have others, which vary from state to state and from country to country.
All rights not expressly granted herein are reserved by Trolltech. 


