Technology Preview License Agreement 
Agreement version 1.0

IMPORTANT READ CAREFULLY: 

1.	This Trolltech End-User License Agreement ("Agreement") is a
legal agreement between you (either an individual or a single entity)
("Licensee") and Trolltech Inc. for the Trolltech software product(s)
accompanying this Agreement, which include(s) computer software and may
include "online" or electronic documentation, associated media, and
printed materials, including the source code, example programs and the
documentation ("Licensed Software"). 

2.	By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Licensed
Software, Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If
Licensee does not agree to the terms of this Agreement, Licensee may not
install, copy, or otherwise use the Licensed Software. In addition, by
installing, copying, or otherwise using any updates or other components
of the Licensed Software that Licensee receives separately as part of
the Licensed Software ("Updates"), Licensee agrees to be bound by any
additional license terms that accompany such Updates. If Licensee does
not agree to the additional license terms that accompany such Updates,
Licensee may not install, copy, or otherwise use such Updates. 

3.	The Licensed Software is protected by copyright laws and
international copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property
laws and treaties. The Licensed Software is licensed, not sold. 

4.	Upon Licensee's acceptance of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Trolltech grants Licensee the right to use the Licensed
Software in the manner provided below. 

5.	Trolltech grants to Licensee as an individual a personal,
nonexclusive, non-transferable, license for the sole purposes of
evaluating and testing the Licensed Software and/or providing feedback
to Trolltech. 

6.	This Licensed Software is time-limited. All rights granted to
Licensee in this Agreement will be void three (3) months after
Trolltech's official release of its product "Qt 4". 

7.	Licensee may install copies of the Licensed Software on an
unlimited number of computers provided that Licensee is the only
individual using the Licensed Software. If Licensee is an entity,
Trolltech grants Licensee the right to designate one, and only one,
individual within Licensee's organization who shall have the sole right
to use the Licensed Software in the manner provided above. Licensee may
at any time, but not more frequently that once every six (6) months,
designate another individual to replace the current designated user by
notifying Trolltech, so long as there is no more than one designated
user at any given time. 

8.	Licensee may not loan, rent, lease, or license the Licensed
Software or any copy of it. Licensee may not alter or remove any details
of ownership, copyright, trademark or other property right connected
with the Licensed Software. Licensee may not modify or distribute the
Licensed Software. Licensee may not distribute any software statically
or dynamically linked with the Licensed Software. 

9.	The Licensed Software may provide links to third party libraries
or code (collectively "Third Party Libraries") to implement various
functions. Third Party Libraries do not comprise part of the Licensed
Software. In some cases, access to Third Party Libraries may be included
along with the Licensed Software delivery as a convenience for
development and testing only. Such source code and libraries as are or
may be listed in the ".../src/3rdparty" source tree delivered with the
Licensed Software, as may be amended from time to time, do not comprise
the Licensed Software. Licensee acknowledges (1) that some Third Party
Libraries may require additional licensing of copyright and patents from
the owners of such, and (2) that distribution of any of the Licensed
Software referencing any portion of a Third Party Library may require
appropriate licensing from such third parties. 

10.	Pre-Release Code, Non-Commercial Use: The Licensed Software
contains Pre-release Code that is not at the level of performance and
compatibility of a final, generally available, product offering. The
Licensed Software may not operate correctly and may be substantially
modified prior to first commercial shipment, if any. Trolltech is not
obligated to make this or any later version of the Licensed Software
commercially available. The Licensed Software is "Not for Commercial
Use" and may only be used for the purposes described in section 6. You
may not use the Licensed Software in a live operating environment where
it may be relied upon to perform in the same manner as a commercially
released product or with data that has not been sufficiently backed up. 

9.	WARRANTY DISCLAIMER: THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IS LICENSED TO
LICENSEE "AS IS". TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW,
TROLLTECH ON BEHALF OF ITSELF AND ITS SUPPLIERS, DISCLAIMS ALL
WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS, EITHER EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT WITH REGARD TO THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE. 

10.	LIMITATION OF LIABILITY: IF, TROLLTECH'S WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
NOTWITHSTANDING, TROLLTECH IS HELD LIABLE TO LICENSEE,WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER LEGAL THEORY,BASED ON THE LICENSED SOFTWARE,
TROLLTECH'S ENTIRE LIABILITY TO LICENSEE AND LICENSEE'S EXCLUSIVE REMEDY
SHALL BE, AT TROLLTECH'S OPTION, EITHER (A) RETURN OF THE PRICE LICENSEE
PAID FOR THE LICENSED SOFTWARE, OR (B)REPAIR OR REPLACEMENT OF THE
LICENSED SOFTWARE, PROVIDED LICENSEE RETURNS TO TROLLTECH ALL COPIES OF
THE LICENSED SOFTWARE AS ORIGINALLY DELIVERED TO LICENSEE. TROLLTECH
SHALL NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE TO LICENSEE BASED ON FAILURE
OF THE LICENSED SOFTWARE IF THE FAILURE RESULTED FROM ACCIDENT, ABUSE OR
MISAPPLICATION, NOR SHALL TROLLTECH UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES BE LIABLE
FOR SPECIAL DAMAGES, PUNITIVE OR EXEMPLARY DAMAGES, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF
PROFITS OR INTERRUPTION OF BUSINESS OR FOR LOSS OR CORRUPTION OF DATA. 

11.	Termination: Without prejudice to any other rights, Trolltech
may terminate this Agreement if Licensee fails to comply with the terms
and conditions of this Agreement. In such event, Licensee must destroy
all copies of the Licensed Software and all of its component parts. 

12.	EXPORT RESTRICTIONS. Licensee agrees not to export or re-export
the Licensed Software, any part thereof, or any process or service that
is the direct product of the Licensed Software. Licensee may not sell,
resell, or otherwise transfer for value, the Licensed Software (the
foregoing collectively referred to as the "Restricted Components"), to
any country, person, entity or end user subject to U.S. export
restrictions. Licensee specifically agrees not to export or re-export
any of the Restricted Components (i) to any country to which the U.S.
has embargoed or restricted the export of goods or services, which
currently include, but are not necessarily limited to Cuba, Iran, Iraq,
Libya, North Korea, Sudan and Syria, or to any national of any such
country, wherever located, who intends to transmit or transport the
Restricted Components back to such country; (ii) to any end-user who
Licensee knows or has reason to know will utilize the Restricted
Components in the design, development or production of nuclear, chemical
or biological weapons; or (iii) to any end-user who has been prohibited
from participating in U.S. export transactions by any federal agency of
the U.S. government. Licensee warrants and represents that neither the
U.S. Commerce Department, Bureau of Export Administration nor any other
U.S. federal agency has suspended, revoked or denied Licensee's export
privileges. 

13.	Government End Users: A "U.S. Government End User" shall mean
any agency or entity of the government of the United States. The
following shall apply if Licensee is a U.S. Government End User. The
Licensed Software is a "commercial item," as that term is defined in 48
C.F.R. 2.101 (Oct. 1995), consisting of "commercial computer software"
and "commercial computer software documentation," as such terms are used
in 48 C.F.R. 12.212 (Sept. 1995). Consistent with 48 C.F.R. 12.212 and
48 C.F.R. 227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4 (June 1995), all U.S. Government
End Users acquire the Licensed Software with only those rights set forth
herein. The Licensed Software (including related documentation) is
provided to U.S. Government End Users: (a) only as a commercial end
item; and (b) only pursuant to this Agreement. 

14.	Compliance with local laws: Licensee shall comply with all
applicable laws and regulations relating to the Licensed Software in the
United States and in other countries in which Licensee uses or modifies
the Licensed Software. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing,
Licensee shall not export, reexport, disclose or distribute any of the
Licensed Software in violation of any applicable laws or regulations,
including the export laws and regulations of the United States, and
shall comply with all such laws and regulations. 

15.	Entire Agreement: This Agreement constitutes the complete
agreement between the parties and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous discussions, representations, and proposals, written or
oral, with respect to the subject matters discussed herein. No
modification of this Agreement will be effective unless contained in a
writing executed by an authorized representative of each party. No term
or condition contained in Licensee's purchase order will apply unless
expressly accepted by Trolltech in writing. If any provision of the
Agreement is found void or unenforceable, the remainder will remain
valid and enforceable according to its terms. If any remedy provided is
determined to have failed for its essential purpose, all limitations of
liability and exclusions of damages set forth in this Agreement shall
remain in effect. 

16.	Governing law, legal venue: This Agreement shall be construed,
interpreted and governed by the laws of the State of California, USA.
Any action or proceeding arising from or relating to this Agreement
shall be brought in a federal court in the Northern District of
California or in the State Court in Santa Clara County, California, and
each party irrevocably submits to the personal jurisdiction of any such
court in any such action or proceeding. The Agreement gives Licensee
specific legal rights; Licensee may have others, which vary from state
to state and from country to country. Trolltech reserves all rights not
specifically granted in this Agreement. 

