                   TROLL TECH SHAREWARE LICENSE AGREEMENT

Copyright (C) 1992-1997 Troll Tech AS.  All rights reserved.

This License Agreement is between you ("Licensee") and Troll Tech AS, and
pertains to the Qt GUI Toolkit ("Software"), including the source code,
example programs and the documentation ("Documentation").


                        COPYRIGHT AND RESTRICTIONS

All intellectual property rights in the Software and Documentation are
owned by Troll Tech AS and are protected by Norwegian copyright laws, other
applicable copyright laws, and international treaty provisions. Troll Tech
AS retains all rights not expressly granted. No title, property rights or
copyright in the Software or in any modifications to the Software or
Documentation shall pass to the Licensee under any circumstances.

The Licensee may not loan, rent, lease, or license the Software or any
copy. The Licensee may not alter or remove any details of ownership,
copyright, trade mark or other property right connected with the
Software. The Licensee may not disclose any source code or any concepts
and methods therein for any purpose other than as specifically provided
in this Agreement.

The Licensee may freely use the Product to develop any kind of Shareware,
except a directly competing product.

By Shareware is meant software that is freely distributable, but which
cannot be used freely.

      				PRICING

The price of this License depends on the amount for which the Licensee may
sell Shareware. The Licensee may at any time upgrade this amount by paying
a supplement to Troll Tech. It is the responsibility of the Licensee to
ensure that he/she upgrades the License to reflect the payment received
from the Licensee's customers. When the Licensee has paid supplements
equal to the price of a professional License (at the time of the purchase
of the Shareware License, or at the current time, whichever is lower), the
Licensee will receive a Professional License as a replacement for the
Shareware License.


                         LIMITATION OF LIABILITY

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND EXCEPT AS SPECIFICALLY PROVIDED
HEREIN, TROLL TECH AS MAKES NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION, EITHER
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, WITH RESPECT TO THE SOFTWARE OR DOCUMENTATION,
INCLUDING THEIR QUALITY, PERFORMANCE, MERCHANTABILITY, OR FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  THE ENTIRE RISK AS TO THE QUALITY AND PERFORMANCE OF
THE SOFTWARE IS WITH THE LICENSEE.

Because software is inherently complex and may not be completely free of
errors, the Licensee is advised to verify his work and make backup copies
where appropriate. In no event will Troll Tech AS be liable for direct,
indirect, special, incidental, cover, or consequential damages arising out
of the use of or inability to use the Software or Documentation, even if
advised of the possibility of such damages. To the extent that applicable
law does not allow the exclusion or limitation of implied warranties or
limitation of liability for incidental or consequential damages, the above
limitation or exclusion may not apply.
