Trolltech Product Review License Agreement
Agreement version 1.1



IMPORTANT-READ CAREFULLY: 
1. This Trolltech End-User License Agreement ("Agreement") is a legal
agreement between you (either an individual or a legal entity) ("Licensee")
and Trolltech AS ("Trolltech"), and pertains to the Trolltech software
product(s) accompanying this Agreement, which include(s) computer software
and may include "online" or electronic documentation, associated media, and
printed materials, including the source code, example programs and the
documentation ("Licensed Software").

2. The Licensed Software is protected by copyright laws and international
copyright treaties, as well as other intellectual property laws and
treaties. Trolltech retains all rights not expressly granted. No title,
property rights or copyright in the Licensed Software or in any
modifications to the Licensed Software shall pass to the Licensee under any
circumstances. The Licensed Software is licensed, not sold.

3. By installing, copying, or otherwise using the Licensed Software,
Licensee agrees to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If Licensee
does not agree to the terms of this Agreement, Licensee should not install,
copy, or otherwise use the Licensed Software. 

4. Upon Licensee's acceptance of the terms and conditions of this
Agreement, Trolltech grants Licensee the right to modify the Licensed
Software in the manner provided below.

5. Trolltech grants to Licensee as an individual a personal, nonexclusive,
nontransferable license to make and use copies of the Licensed Software for
the sole purpose of evaluating the Licensed Software. Licensee may install
copies of the Licensed Software on an unlimited number of computers
provided that Licensee is the only individual using the Licensed Software. 

6. Licensee may not loan, rent, lease, or license the Licensed Software or
any copy of it. Licensee may not alter or remove any details of ownership,
copyright, trademark or other property right connected with the Licensed
Software. Licensee may not modify or distribute the Licensed Software.
Licensee may not distribute any software statically or dynamically linked
with the Licensed Software. 

7. This Licensed Software is time-limited. All rights granted to Licensee
in this agreement will be void after the end of the evaluation period,
which is no later than 180 days after Licensee received the Licensed
Software.

8. The Licensed Software may provide links to third party libraries or code
(collectively "Third Party Libraries") to implement various functions.
Third Party Libraries are not prepared by or owned by Trolltech, and do not
comprise part of the Licensed Software. In some cases, access to Third
Party Libraries may be included along with the Licensed Software delivery
as a convenience for development and testing only. Such source code and
libraries as are or may be listed in the ".../src/3rdparty" source tree
delivered with the Licensed Software, as may be amended from time to time,
do not comprise the Licensed Software.  Licensee acknowledges (1) that some
Third Party Libraries may require additional licensing of copyright and
patents from the owners of such, and (2) that distribution of any of the
Licensed Software referencing any portion of a Third Party Library may
require appropriate licensing from such third parties. Third Party
Libraries include but are not limited to the following categories: GIF,
JPEG and MPEG.  

WARRANTY DISCLAIMER
9. The Licensed Software is licensed to Licensee "as is". To the maximum
extent permitted by applicable law, Trolltech on behalf of itself and its
suppliers, disclaims all warranties and conditions, either express or
implied, including, but not limited to, implied warranties of
merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title and
non-infringement with regard to the Licensed Software.



LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
10. If, Trolltech's warranty dislaimer notwithstanding, Trolltech is held 
liable to Licensee, whether in contract, tort or any other legal theory,
based on the Licensed Software, Trolltech's entire liability to Licensee
and Licensee's exclusive remedy shall be, at Trolltech's option, either (A)
return of the price Licensee paid for the Licensed Software, or (B) repair
or replacement of the Licensed Software, provided Licensee returns to
Trolltech all copies of the Licensed Software as originally delivered to
Licensee. Trolltech shall not under any circumstances be liable to Licensee
based on failure of the Licensed Software if the failure resulted from
accident, abuse or misapplication, nor shall Trolltech under any
circumstances be liable for special damages, punitive or exemplary damages,
damages for loss of profits or interruption of business or for loss or
corruption of data. Any award of damages from Trolltech to Licensee shall
not exceed the total amount Licensee has paid to Trolltech in connection
with this Agreement. 


GENERAL PROVISIONS
11. This Agreement may only be modified in writing signed by authorized
representatives of Licensee and Trolltech. In case of a conflict between
the Agreement and the terms of any purchase order or other ordering
document, the Agreement shall prevail. If any provision of the Agreement is
found void or unenforceable, the remainder will remain valid and
enforceable according to its terms. If any remedy provided is determined to
have failed for its essential purpose, all limitations of liability and
exclusions of damages set forth in this Agreement shall remain in effect.


12. This Agreement shall be construed, interpreted and governed by the 
laws of Norway, the legal venue to be Oslo City Court. Trolltech reserves
all rights not specifically granted in this Agreement.
